[Doc][KubeRay] Improve Kueue/KubeRay priority scheduling doc (#43215)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/examples/rayjob-kueue-priority-scheduling.md

to manage resources consumed by RayJob and RayCluster. See the
[Kueue documentation](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/overview/) to learn more.

## Create a Kubernetes cluster on GKE
## Step 0: Create a Kubernetes cluster on GKE (Optional)

If you already have a Kubernetes cluster with GPUs, you can skip this step.
Otherwise, follow [Start Google Cloud GKE Cluster with GPUs for KubeRay](kuberay-gke-gpu-cluster-setup) for more details on setting up a Kubernetes cluster on GKE.

> Create a GKE cluster with autoscaling enabled:

Author: Try to unify the instructions for setting up a K8s cluster. Having multiple K8s setup instructions will make it hard for us to maintain the documentation.

Follow [Deploy a KubeRay operator](kuberay-operator-deploy) to install the latest stable KubeRay operator from the Helm repository.
The KubeRay operator Pod must be on the CPU node if you set up the taint for the GPU node pool correctly.

## Step 2: Install Kueue

```bash

> kubectl apply --server-side -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases/download/v0.6.0-rc.2/manifests-alpha-enabled.yaml

Author: Good point!

> kubectl apply --server-side -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases/download/v0.6.0-rc.2/manifests-alpha-enabled.yaml

Author: Updated

  name: "cluster-queue"
spec:
  preemption:

>     reclaimWithinCohort: Any

Author: We don't set Cohort for the ClusterQueue, so we don't need `reclaimWithinCohort`.

    kueue.x-k8s.io/priority-class: dev-priority
```

* `kueue.x-k8s.io/queue-name: user-queue`: As the previous step mentioned, users submit jobs to a LocalQueue instead of directly to a ClusterQueue.
* `kueue.x-k8s.io/priority-class: dev-priority`: Assign the RayJob with the `dev-priority` WorkloadPriorityClass.
* A modified name to indicate that this job is for development.

> Also note the resources required for this RayJob by looking at the resources requested by the Ray head Pod:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also note the resources required for this RayJob by looking at the resources that the Ray head Pod requests:
```

prod-pytorch-text-classifier-gkp9b-r9k5r                  1/1     Running   0          5s
torch-text-classifier-gkp9b-raycluster-s2f65-head-hfvht   1/1     Running   0          35s
```

> 

Author: Step 1 ~ Step 6 are enough to demonstrate priority scheduling, so I remove this section to simplify the tutorial.
